[Back to Table of Contents](../README.md) 
# What type of data should I connect? 
_Portraying your product in its most accurate form and avoiding confusion in the sales process is highly dependent on the data you choose to connect_
## What we do and don't do with your data
We take receiving access to your data very seriously, and and want to ensure that you feel secure with us when doing so. Our goal is to be a 3rd-party validator of real, for-sale data products that you as a vendor can utilize to build trust in your data product. In order to do so, we've built systems to validate characteristics of production data such as the data structure, coverage, and delivery history *that are only relevant and useful* if this is what a consumer of your data would receive if they subscribe to your product. 

__We do not send this data onwards to any data consumer__, so you can trust that what we show on your profile in a sandbox mode is all that would be displayed to potential data buyers when you approve of its distribution. Any trial of your data that is requested by a buyer would not be initiated until you have agreed to it, and you have full flexibility to specify what subset of your for-sale data product you allow us to transfer for the trial. In almost all cases, vendors opt to provide a subset to a trialling party.
## Coverage & History
We recommend the full coverage and history of that coverage from your dataset, noting that we cannot portray history or coverage beyond what we can verify through the data product you give us access to. If you grant us access to only two years of history or 100 tickers, that is what your data profile will show as the bounds of your for-sale product.
## Data Structure and Formats
We recommend you grant us access to your production file formats that you use for distribution to standard customers. We display metadata on file types, formats, and directory arrangements to data buyers on your profile, so it would be misleading and confusing to have your data be portrayed in a different form than when they subscribe to your data product. 
## Ongoing Publications
We recommend that, if you already publish data in this way, you grant us access to an S3 bucket that you are already publishing your production data to, instead of creating a new bucket and beginning to publish data to. We can back-validate historical publications in a bucket like this, meaning a data buyer can be confident in the point-in-time nature of your product due to our validation. 

In either scenario, we recommend continuing publications into this data location post-connection. We build up a delivery history that only grows more valuable in time for you to use to prove the consistency with which you deliver data. Please note that for any trial we deliver your data for, that data would be a one-time snapshot export of your data, not the ongoing data that you can publish to us. Please understand this difference between sending data to us and sending data for a trial to a data buyer, as there are legitimate and considerable benefits outlined in this documentation that you can take advantage of by granting full and ongoing data product access to Eagle Alpha. 